Ciac 6453/improve generic polling - hotfix (#26372)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_11_68.md

#### Scripts

##### ScheduleCommand

> - Fixed an issue in **GenericPolling** in the latest version.
> ##### GenericPollingScheduledTask
> 
> - Fixed an issue in **GenericPolling** in the latest version.
> ##### ScheduleGenericPolling
> 
> - Fixed an issue in **GenericPolling** in the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *scheduledEntryGuid* argument to support the new ***GenericPolling*** playbook mechanism.

##### GenericPollingScheduledTask
- Added the *scheduledEntryGuid* argument to support the new ***GenericPolling*** playbook mechanism.
- Fixed an issue where the GUID was not accessed correctly in the ***GenericPolling*** playbook context.

##### ScheduleGenericPolling
- Added the *scheduledEntryGuid* argument to support the new ***GenericPolling*** playbook mechanism.
```
